# McGameJam2024

## Get Out

### Team

Programmers:
- Acacie Song
- Wei Heng Jiang

Sound and Music:
- Qiao Yi Lin

Artists:
- Jing Yu Xing
- Yu Cheng Zhen
- Yi Hui Chen

### Description

This game is set in the McGill university where researchers test a BCI system. The first few levels are used to train the player to use the BCI system. Then after, an error occurs and the tester enters into the entire computer (not only contained by the testing program). The brain of the tester receives raw input from the computer and interprets it differently. We didn't have enough time to implement all the textures. However, the game is still playable and looks good.

The last level has some light flickering issues. We are not too sure what is the cause of this.

This game contains Voice-Overs generated by Eleven Labs. Although it is pre-generated.

This game features a Minimax AI for the Chess Game at the last level. The implemented algorithm is somewhat faulty as the AI will not always make the best move.

The gravity is slightly broken. The player jumps too high.

### Execution Issues

The game has too many levels and the judges didn't have enough time to visit all the rooms, especially since the 3D model rooms are placed at the end of the game. During the demo, we used a laptop that was lacking in performance. The game was hard to play.

Too many levels also means less time to polish every level. We didn't test the game binaries. Most of the tests are conducted on individual scenes, therefore, game-breaking side-effects accumulated, e.g. modifications on `Physics.gravity`.

## LICENSE

Please see the LICENSE file for more information.